README.md, before:

# gplaces - a simple terminal Gemini client

Because Gemini deserves a light client with a high power to weight ratio!

gplaces is named after [Going Places](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Going_Places_(Herb_Alpert_and_the_Tijuana_Brass_album)), the 1965 album by Herb Alpert and The Tijuana Brass. The "o" is omitted from the executable name so it doesn't mess up tab completion for Gopher users and Go developers.

The gplaces logo is an artist's impression of a Gemini VII capsule with the red accents of a [Humes and Berg](https://humesandberg.com) Stonelined straight trumpet mute. Sort of.

gplaces is originally a Gemini port of the [delve](https://github.com/kieselsteini/delve) Gopher client by Sebastian Steinhauer.

## Overview
- configurable MIME type handlers
- "powerful" shell
- bookmarks
- variables
- command aliases
- sh-style history with ~/.gplaces_history
- VT100 compatible with ANSI escape sequences
- no exotic external dependencies, no NIH
	- ~GNU readline is fully optional~ bestline
	- openssl
	- libcurl
	- libmagic (optional)
- SSH-style TOFU with ~/.gplaces_hosts
- ~internal~ configurable external pager for text & menus
- support for non-interactive operation
- about *1k lines* of *C* code

## How to compile?
- clone this git repo
- just type `make` or `make WITH_LIBMAGIC=0` on any Unix compatible system
	- currently tested on
		- Linux
- type `make install` to install it on the system (defaults to /usr/local)

## How to contribute?
- send me pull-requests and I'll review and merge them :)
- if you wish to appear on the `help authors` command just add yourself there

## License
- [GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)

## Statistic
Language|files|blank|comment|code
:-------|-------:|-------:|-------:|-------:
C|1|235|35|1008

## Help
Just type `help` when the client is running.

Commit message:

add support for simple subscriptions

README.md, after:

# gplaces - a simple terminal Gemini client

Because Gemini deserves a light client with a high power to weight ratio!

gplaces is named after [Going Places](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Going_Places_(Herb_Alpert_and_the_Tijuana_Brass_album)), the 1965 album by Herb Alpert and The Tijuana Brass. The "o" is omitted from the executable name so it doesn't mess up tab completion for Gopher users and Go developers.

The gplaces logo is an artist's impression of a Gemini VII capsule with the red accents of a [Humes and Berg](https://humesandberg.com) Stonelined straight trumpet mute. Sort of.

gplaces is originally a Gemini port of the [delve](https://github.com/kieselsteini/delve) Gopher client by Sebastian Steinhauer.

## Overview
- configurable MIME type handlers
- "powerful" shell
- bookmarks
- subscriptions
	- only [simple subscriptions](gemini://gemini.circumlunar.space/docs/companion/subscription.gmi) are supported, to avoid [XML parsing](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvekey.cgi?keyword=xml)
- variables
- command aliases
- sh-style history with ~/.gplaces_history
- VT100 compatible with ANSI escape sequences
- no exotic external dependencies, no NIH
	- ~GNU readline is fully optional~ bestline
	- openssl
	- libcurl
	- libmagic (optional)
- SSH-style TOFU with ~/.gplaces_hosts
- ~internal~ configurable external pager for text & menus
- support for non-interactive operation
- about *1k lines* of *C* code

## How to compile?
- clone this git repo
- just type `make` or `make WITH_LIBMAGIC=0` on any Unix compatible system
	- currently tested on
		- Linux
- type `make install` to install it on the system (defaults to /usr/local)

## How to contribute?
- send me pull-requests and I'll review and merge them :)
- if you wish to appear on the `help authors` command just add yourself there

## License
- [GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)

## Statistic
Language|files|blank|comment|code
:-------|-------:|-------:|-------:|-------:
C|1|243|35|1063

## Help
Just type `help` when the client is running.
